MON-157180-v3-gorgone-cloud-poller-disconnect-when-gorgone-log-are-to-big-to-be-sent (#2571)
centreon/centreon-collect: gorgone/docs/modules/core/core.md

# Core

## Description

> The first process of gorgone is responsible for more than launching other module, and babysitting them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gorgone's first process is responsible for more than launching other modules, and babysitting them.
```

> It also handle part of the log synchronization from distant poller, transforming log to response from zmq message, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also handles part of the log synchronization from distant pollers, transforming logs to responses from zmq messages, 
```

> and run the check() sub of each module regulary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and runs the check() sub of each module regulary.
```

> ## house keeping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Housekeeping

```

> Every 5 second gorgone use EV to run a series of house keeping task, orchestrated by periodic_exec().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every 5 seconds, Gorgone uses EV to run a series of housekeeping tasks, orchestrated by periodic_exec().
```
